Alex Shabad, WZZM 6:57 p.m. EDT October 10, 2014 It is being called a case of animal hoarding; dozens of cats in one Ottawa County home. (Photo: It is being called a case of animal hoarding; dozens of cats in one Ottawa County home.) WEST OLIVE, Mich. (WZZM) -- It is being called a case of animal hoarding: dozens of cats are being rescued from an Ottawa County home. The Harbor Humane Society is finding space for the animals, just weeks after WZZM 13 reported about overcrowding issues at the shelter. Two of the cats, Joey and Pinocchio, appear to be a bit overwhelmed, just like the shelter would be without a plan. They are the first of 33 cats to be taken from an Ottawa County home. "We're dealing with a bit of a hoarding situation," says Lori Brizius, operations director for the Harbor Humane Society. "We're doing it in phases, so that we don't become overwhelmed." Shelter officials say the cats' owners contacted the Harbor Humane Society asking for help. "It was good intentions that got a little out of control," says Brizius. "They started taking in strays to take care of them, some of them in the winter through the cold weather; of course, some of them ended up pregnant." Shelter officials are not identifying the owners or describing the conditions at the home, but they say all the cats had food and shelter. WZZM 13 asked if there were any signs of neglect or abuse. "Not at all," says Brizius. "They did take very good care of the animals and fed them very well." In August, WZZM 13 reported that Harbor Humane Society was forced to turn away owners trying to surrender their cats because of overcrowding issues. However, since then, shelter officials say both adoptions and transfers have helped clear up space. "We ended up transporting about 112 animals through the month of September alone," says Brizius. Shelter officials expect the medical costs to be around $5,000 for all 33 cats. They're encouraging anyone who is able to donate to do so. A child remains in critical condition after surviving a fall into a jaguar exhibit at the Little Rock Zoo in Arkansas on Friday. Witnesses say screams for help rang out loudly after the 3-year-old boy slipped through the exhibit rail feet first, plummeting into the cat pit, according to a Little Rock police report. The child was with his father and grandfather at the time of the incident. The father of the child told Little Rock police he was leaning over the rail in an attempt to take a photograph of the animals and observed his son’s feet go over the rail out of his peripheral vision. The child’s grandfather says the little boy fell approximately 15-16 feet, police said. Two jaguars in the enclosure attacked the toddler. “The black cat had bit the child on the foot area and the yellow jaguar had bit the clothing near the neck area,” read the police report, quoting the grandfather. Fire extinguishers were used to ward off the big cats in the exhibit, while a zookeeper lowered a ladder, climbed into the cat pit and retrieved the child, according to a statement released by the zoo. Zookeepers said the rescued child was conscious and responding. The toddler was rushed to Arkansas Children’s Hospital. “The child’s condition is critical,” said Dan McFadden, director of communications for the hospital. “We respect the wishes of the child’s guardian who asked that the child’s name and any additional information not be shared at this time.” Though doctors say the wounds are not life-threatening, the toddler had an extensive scalp laceration, a depressed skull fracture and minor puncture wounds, according to the police report. “Our thoughts and prayers are with the child and the family. The safety of our citizens is of paramount value and our staff followed training procedures on rescuing the child and were able to respond quickly and efficiently and work with emergency personnel, said Bruce Moore, Little Rock city manager, in a statement. City officials said a full investigation into the incident is being conducted. after 100 cats went missing, with one man claiming to have pinpointed the "killer" while others advocated a boycott of take-aways amid fears the animals had been used in kebabs. The Police and Crime Commissioner for Suffolk has urged residents not to “take the law into their own hands” after one man publicised the name of the street where he believes the perpetrator lives, by mapping the streets where the cats disappeared. More than a hundred cats have vanished without a trace from Ipswich and the surrounding area so far this year, with some limping home after apparently being tortured, raising fears that a "cat murderer" is on the loose in Suffolk. The founder of the Facebook group "Missing Ipswich Cats" has warned that some contributors were putting innocent people and their livelihoods at risk by disseminating their own theories about the fate of the missing cats. &#13; Milo has been missing since the end of August from the Gosbeck area, just outside of Ipswich One cat-owner, who wished to remain anonymous for fear that her two cats will be attacked, said: “A lot of cats have gone missing in [areas of Ipswich with] lots of take-aways. “It is too big a coincidence. You start to think, what is actually on those kebab sticks? It’s all cuts of meat that are all moulded together. “We need to find out what is going on. All of them should be having food tests.” She added that people should stop eating in take-aways until their food has been tested to ensure it contains no traces of cat meat. Lola, a two-year-old long haired ginger, went missing from Grange Farm on October 8 Abi Woods, 31 from Ipswich said, “The take-away theory makes sense because the missing cats' bodies are just not turning up. “Although now they will be scrabbling around trying to get rid of any evidence.” Another man told the group that he had profiled the streets by the earliest dates noted that "the three locations are within a mile to two miles of each other”. He then named the road he believed the perpetrator to live. One man mapped the locations of cat disappearances in a bid to track down the perpetrator The police have acknowledged that there is much “speculation” about the missing cats, but warned that residents must contact the authorities if they see anything suspicious, rather than taking the law into their own hands. There have been several sightings reported by group members of a couple who drive around Ipswich, tempting cats with sweets. Kevin Liard, a 48-year-old cat owner, said that the children of Ipswich should be mobilised to help locate the missing cats. "Kids are really small, they can see under cars. If kids are told about something like this they are more inclined to look under cars,” he said. Mr Liard added that there was too much "scaremongering" about the whereabouts of the missing cats. Missy went missing from Cedars Park in Stowmarket last month Deni Parkes, 50, who started the "Missing Ipswich Cats" Facebook group, warned members to remain “level headed” and to stick to “proof and facts”. "The problem is you might target someone who might be completely innocent,” she said. “It’s all hearsay, that’s the problem. I think everyone is upset and they are going to come up with theories because their brains are going into overdrive.” Ms Parkes, a part-time nanny and mother-of-two said: “We need to stay level headed and stick to proof and facts. Theories are not going to help us.” Tim Passmore, Police and Crime Commissioner for Suffolk said: "There is never an excuse for anyone to torture or maltreat a defenceless animal. "I am confident that the police and the RSPCA are working together, and I hope these unpleasant people are caught quickly, prosecuted and receive a severe punishment. "It is really important that the authorities are allowed to deal with this appropriately and I urge anyone who knows, or suspects, anything to contact the police. What we do not want is for people to take the law into their own hands." Sgt Mark Thomas from Ipswich South East Safer Neighbourhood Team said: “With much speculation and reports of missing cats, police are currently assessing the situation and looking into whether any crimes have occurred. “We ask for anyone who has witnessed a cat being stolen to call police on 101 or if anyone has evidence of animal welfare issues to contact the RSPCA on 0300 1234 999. “If a crime has occurred the matter will be taken seriously and officers will investigate thoroughly.” "Our sympathies are with the owners of these cats as it is really upsetting to lose their cats in this way. "We urge anyone with any evidence of animal welfare offences to call us on 0300 1234 999 and we will do our best to investigate them." Yesterday Ben Gummer, MP for Ipswich said he was “alarmed” at the scale of the problem. Ipswich mayor Bill Quinton said "I share the devastation any cat owner feels when their much-loved pet goes missing or is injured or killed.”
