Greetings Luexo

My name is Matt. I saw some of your good web designs and would like to ask you for a small but rather complex favor. And I know that you may be a busy man going about work, etc, but is there any time that you can put aside to help us with our high school "Red Cross Club" website. We are trying to reach and help the society by informing our members of volunteering opportunities. Your work will be credited as much as we can possibly do. Honestly, we want the community to see a group of students who can put aside their time in order to help other people. We are going to partnered with The Red Cross and some also the Houston Children's Charity and another "sponsor a child" group. So, if you have time, will it be possible for you to create a website? It does not have to be completed this month or the next, but 5 months to design a website. I have tried to ask as early as possible so that you may be able to have time to do this with as least interference with their daily duties and routines and I hope you can help us.

I really do thank you for your time and effort. And even for reading this, I thank you very much.

And I hope you can help us.

Thank you Luexo

Sincerely,

Matt


------------------------------------------------------
Need help organizing a school club?
I had posted this same question earlier, with different rather awkward title. So I reposted this with a more appropriate title.

My friends and I are recently decided to make a school club next year...possibly a Red Cross Club or any other community benefiting club.

Now, months before the club sign ups are due, we are trying to plan a monthly schedule where we incorporate volunteering, project assignment, and etc.

However, we need ideas and who better to ask than the community itself.

So the question: If we can help you, a group, or a larger organization in any way by working together with the Red Cross, how would it be?

We are not trying to be cocky, but we are looking for answers that are in perspective of realism of a high schooler. Answers like "organizing a blood drive" will be considered and etc. Also "practice cpr" after school.

I am sure there are some creative people out there who have excellent ideas. We want to help and with your ideas, we can truly make a difference.

So I thank you for reading this and please do not hesitate to comment.

Thanks for the replies in advance.